h1. combinations_distance_summarizer

combinations_distance_summarizer provides a tiny command-line-based utility to
find the combinations of words and return the average distance.

combinations_distance_summarizer is released under the MIT License.


h2. Purpose

This is a utility program to find the combinations of words in a given list, the
distances between those combination pairs, and the average of those distances.
The final return value is that final average of distances.

h2. Usage (summarizer.py)

@python summarizer.py csv_words_to_summarize distances_csv_path [pairs]@

Utility to find the combinations of words and return the average distance.

* *words_to_summarize_path* File name or path to TXT file containing the
list of words to summarize. Use one word per line. Blank lines are ignored.
Words are case sensitive and must match the distances CSV exactly.

* *distances_csv_path* File name or path to CSV file containing the distances
matrix to use to calculate distances between words.

* *[pairs]* Optional argument. If 'y', will output the distances between all
pairs in addition to the final average.

Example:
@python summarizer.py ./ex/word_list_1.txt ./ex/HowellNounDistances.csv y@

h2. Usage (many_input_files.bash)

@bash many_input_files.bash input_file_list dist_csv out_file@

Runs summarizer.py on many word samples.

Simple bash snippet that demonstrates how to run summarizer.py with many
input files (many files each with a list of words to summarize) while using
the same distance matrix CSV.

* *input_file_list* The TXT file with one file per line that should be used as
the list of words to summarize for summarizer.py. Should be file name or path.

* *dist_csv* The CSV file with the word distances. Should be file name or path.

* *out_file* The file to which the results (averages) should be written.

Example:
@bash many_input_files.bash ./ex/word_lists.txt ./ex/HowellNounDistances.csv ./ex/results.txt@

h2. Development Environment Setup

The only requirement for running the utility is Python 2.7
(http://www.python.org/).


h2. Development Standards

All Python documentation is written in epydoc (http://epydoc.sourceforge.net/).


h2. Testing

@python test_summarizer.py@

A small set of automated unit tests are provided using the standard unittest
library.
